Remove red links to MSLaunchURICallback (#24623)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/navigator/mslaunchuri/index.md

- `uri`
  - : A string specifying the URL containing including the protocol of the document or resource to be displayed.
- `successCallback` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A function without parameter to be executed if the protocol handler is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A function without any parameters to be executed if the protocol handler is present.
```

- `noHandlerCallback` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A function without parameter to be executed if the protocol handler is _not_ present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A function without any parameters to be executed if the protocol handler is _not_ present.
```
